docs: mention adding auto-import of third party packages (#22575)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/1.concepts/1.auto-imports.md

  }
})
```

## Auto-import from third-party packages

> Nuxt also allow auto-importing from third-party packages by configuring `imports:sources` lifecycle hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt also allows auto-importing from third-party packages.
```

::alert
If you are using the Nuxt module for that package, it is likely that the module has already configured auto-imports for that package.
::

> For example, You can enable auto-import of `useI18n` composable from `vue-i18n` package like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you could enable the auto-import of the `useI18n` composable from the `vue-i18n` package like this:
```

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]

> export default defineNuxtConfig({
>   hooks: {
>     'imports:sources': sources => {
>       sources.push({
>         from: 'vue-i18n',
>         imports: ['useI18n'],
>       })
>     },
>   },
> })

Reviewer: This might be a bit more straightforward in this case.

```suggestion
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  imports: {
    presets: [
      {
        from: 'vue-i18n',
        imports: ['useI18n']
      }
    ]
  }
})
```
